thank you to Squarespace for sponsoring
our CES 2018 content if you want to make
an awesome website or online store you
can use their all-in-one platform today
we're here at EVGA not checking out a
motherboard or a graphics card or a cool
or anything like that we're checking out
a power supply the EVGA supernova 2200 P
tuned if you can't tell from the name
it's a 2200 watt power supply that's
insane that has 183 point three amps on
the 12 volt rail but despite all of that
in standard room temperature ambience at
full load a full 2200 watts of full load
it will only sit at 50 degrees Celsius
it is rated on the 80 + Platinum 230
volt European scale and yeah European
are wimpy 110 volt North American
standards are not going to apply here
this is way too much power so they had
to move to 220 volts European for this
power supply but that probably won't
affect anybody that'll actually probably
be a benefit for most people because
this is targeted towards probably minors
considering if you look at the
connections on the back there's 9 VGA
cables plugins and each one of those
cables branches off into two PCIe
connectors that's 18 PCIe connectors you
can't even you can't even use that
normally in a normal computer so
definitely definitely for the miners and
I don't know what the peripheral cables
are we haven't figured that out yet
we're gonna free that out probably
tomorrow so I'm gonna throw myself in
the hotel suite later where I'm gonna
break down what kind of crazy rigs you
can actually build with this thing and
what you'd actually use it for in the
real world what kind of mining setups
you might have so I got really busy and
actually had Jake put all this together
so I'm gonna read his notes off here
right now if you threw together a seller
on G 39:30 and asrock H 110 pro BTC +
which is compatible with 13 graphics
cards 13 gtx 1070 t is some Patriots
signature 4 gigabyte edition Ram a
silicon power 60 gigabyte SSD or go with
the flash drive version bunch of risers
a 13 GPU frame
the EVGA supernova 2200 watt power
supply you could pull about 6500 Killah
hash minding directly to equi hash and
jared generate about 65 to $80 a day as
of right now and bitcoin just dipped a
little bit so that might actually go up
later on pretty insane don't have a
price for that whole bench because it's
gonna change drastically wherever you
are and prices right now and all this
kind of stuff is like freaking all over
the place so if you deal shop and try to
play your cards right you can make some
pretty decent Bitcoin whoa thanks Luke
for the future for that super cool
rundown also thank you to Squarespace
for sponsoring this video if you want to
make an awesome website or an online
store you can use their all-in-one
platform it'll all be taken care of they
have award-winning templates that will
all scale to whatever device you want to
view it on even crazy new ones that
might come out like the iPhone 10 which
change how things work and do all that
funky stuff they'll take care of all
that for you you know downloading
updates or installing new things it's
all nicely handled if you do have any
problems however you can access their
24/7 live chat and email support if you
by squarespace for a year either domain
thrown in with it and it's more dynamic
than that even if you want to post blogs
it will automatically convert to the
Apple news format it's all taken care of
and handled for you so check out
Squarespace comm slash ltte and enter
ltte and how do you hear about a section
so that you get 10% off your first
purchase also thanks for watching this
video like it if you liked it dislike if
you disliked it get subscribed to see
all the rest of our CES content and I'll
see you next time